Saša Škrtić is 44 years old.
Saša Škrtić is a male.
Saša Škrtić and Zoran Goreta are friends.
Saša Škrtić and Nikola Prelošnjak are friends.
Saša Škrtić and Monika Rimac are friends.
Saša Škrtić and Mirjam Devčić are friends.
Saša Škrtić and Antonija Salinović are friends.
Saša Škrtić and Cvijeta Svetličić are friends.

Duje Ravlić is 18 years old.
Duje Ravlić is a male.
Duje Ravlić and Eduard Tutić are friends.
Duje Ravlić and Gordan Lucić are friends.
Duje Ravlić and Vladimir Svalina are friends.
Duje Ravlić and Tomislav Šoštarić are friends.
Duje Ravlić and Nikola Prelošnjak are friends.
Duje Ravlić and Mirjam Devčić are friends.
Duje Ravlić and Lea Grubić are friends.
Duje Ravlić and Cvijeta Svetličić are friends.

Eduard Tutić is 17 years old.
Eduard Tutić is a male.
Eduard Tutić and Duje Ravlić are friends.
Eduard Tutić and Zoran Goreta are friends.
Eduard Tutić and Gordan Lucić are friends.
Eduard Tutić and Vladimir Svalina are friends.
Eduard Tutić and Tomislav Šoštarić are friends.
Eduard Tutić and Jagoda Draženović are friends.
Eduard Tutić and Nada Sudar are friends.
Eduard Tutić and Mirjam Devčić are friends.
Eduard Tutić and Lea Grubić are friends.
Eduard Tutić and Cvijeta Svetličić are friends.

Zoran Goreta is 66 years old.
Zoran Goreta is a male.
Zoran Goreta and Saša Škrtić are friends.
Zoran Goreta and Eduard Tutić are friends.
Zoran Goreta and Vladimir Svalina are friends.
Zoran Goreta and Lea Grubić are friends.
Zoran Goreta and Cvijeta Svetličić are friends.

Ivo Čelina is 65 years old.
Ivo Čelina is a male.
Ivo Čelina and Ljubomir Jurišić are friends.
Ivo Čelina and Nikola Prelošnjak are friends.
Ivo Čelina and Jagoda Draženović are friends.
Ivo Čelina and Nada Sudar are friends.
Ivo Čelina and Mirjam Devčić are friends.
Ivo Čelina and Irena Jurilj are friends.

Gordan Lucić is 27 years old.
Gordan Lucić is a male.
Gordan Lucić and Duje Ravlić are friends.
Gordan Lucić and Eduard Tutić are friends.
Gordan Lucić and Vladimir Svalina are friends.
Gordan Lucić and Tomislav Šoštarić are friends.
Gordan Lucić and Mia Popić are friends.
Gordan Lucić and Antonija Salinović are friends.
Gordan Lucić and Cvijeta Svetličić are friends.
Gordan Lucić and Stela Mišković are friends.

Ljubomir Jurišić is 27 years old.
Ljubomir Jurišić is a male.
Ljubomir Jurišić and Ivo Čelina are friends.
Ljubomir Jurišić and Jagoda Draženović are friends.
Ljubomir Jurišić and Monika Rimac are friends.
Ljubomir Jurišić and Mia Popić are friends.
Ljubomir Jurišić and Lea Grubić are friends.

Vladimir Svalina is 6 years old.
Vladimir Svalina is a male.
Vladimir Svalina and Duje Ravlić are friends.
Vladimir Svalina and Zoran Goreta are friends.
Vladimir Svalina and Gordan Lucić are friends.
Vladimir Svalina and Eduard Tutić are friends.
Vladimir Svalina and Nikola Prelošnjak are friends.
Vladimir Svalina and Jagoda Draženović are friends.
Vladimir Svalina and Nada Sudar are friends.

Tomislav Šoštarić is 31 years old.
Tomislav Šoštarić is a male.
Tomislav Šoštarić and Eduard Tutić are friends.
Tomislav Šoštarić and Duje Ravlić are friends.
Tomislav Šoštarić and Gordan Lucić are friends.
Tomislav Šoštarić and Jagoda Draženović are friends.

Nikola Prelošnjak is 65 years old.
Nikola Prelošnjak is a male.
Nikola Prelošnjak and Saša Škrtić are friends.
Nikola Prelošnjak and Duje Ravlić are friends.
Nikola Prelošnjak and Ivo Čelina are friends.
Nikola Prelošnjak and Vladimir Svalina are friends.

Jagoda Draženović is 25 years old.
Jagoda Draženović is a female.
Jagoda Draženović and Eduard Tutić are friends.
Jagoda Draženović and Ljubomir Jurišić are friends.
Jagoda Draženović and Tomislav Šoštarić are friends.
Jagoda Draženović and Vladimir Svalina are friends.
Jagoda Draženović and Ivo Čelina are friends.
Jagoda Draženović and Mia Popić are friends.
Jagoda Draženović and Irena Jurilj are friends.

Monika Rimac is 37 years old.
Monika Rimac is a female.
Monika Rimac and Saša Škrtić are friends.
Monika Rimac and Ljubomir Jurišić are friends.
Monika Rimac and Nada Sudar are friends.
Monika Rimac and Mirjam Devčić are friends.
Monika Rimac and Lea Grubić are friends.

Mia Popić is 9 years old.
Mia Popić is a female.
Mia Popić and Jagoda Draženović are friends.
Mia Popić and Ljubomir Jurišić are friends.
Mia Popić and Gordan Lucić are friends.
Mia Popić and Nada Sudar are friends.
Mia Popić and Lea Grubić are friends.
Mia Popić and Cvijeta Svetličić are friends.

Nada Sudar is 56 years old.
Nada Sudar is a female.
Nada Sudar and Monika Rimac are friends.
Nada Sudar and Mia Popić are friends.
Nada Sudar and Vladimir Svalina are friends.
Nada Sudar and Ivo Čelina are friends.
Nada Sudar and Eduard Tutić are friends.
Nada Sudar and Lea Grubić are friends.
Nada Sudar and Cvijeta Svetličić are friends.
Nada Sudar and Irena Jurilj are friends.

Mirjam Devčić is 37 years old.
Mirjam Devčić is a female.
Mirjam Devčić and Monika Rimac are friends.
Mirjam Devčić and Ivo Čelina are friends.
Mirjam Devčić and Saša Škrtić are friends.
Mirjam Devčić and Duje Ravlić are friends.
Mirjam Devčić and Eduard Tutić are friends.
Mirjam Devčić and Cvijeta Svetličić are friends.

Lea Grubić is 31 years old.
Lea Grubić is a female.
Lea Grubić and Ljubomir Jurišić are friends.
Lea Grubić and Duje Ravlić are friends.
Lea Grubić and Nada Sudar are friends.
Lea Grubić and Mia Popić are friends.
Lea Grubić and Eduard Tutić are friends.
Lea Grubić and Monika Rimac are friends.
Lea Grubić and Zoran Goreta are friends.
Lea Grubić and Cvijeta Svetličić are friends.
Lea Grubić and Stela Mišković are friends.

Antonija Salinović is 39 years old.
Antonija Salinović is a female.
Antonija Salinović and Gordan Lucić are friends.
Antonija Salinović and Saša Škrtić are friends.

Cvijeta Svetličić is 38 years old.
Cvijeta Svetličić is a female.
Cvijeta Svetličić and Saša Škrtić are friends.
Cvijeta Svetličić and Zoran Goreta are friends.
Cvijeta Svetličić and Mirjam Devčić are friends.
Cvijeta Svetličić and Nada Sudar are friends.
Cvijeta Svetličić and Lea Grubić are friends.
Cvijeta Svetličić and Mia Popić are friends.
Cvijeta Svetličić and Eduard Tutić are friends.
Cvijeta Svetličić and Gordan Lucić are friends.
Cvijeta Svetličić and Duje Ravlić are friends.

Irena Jurilj is 20 years old.
Irena Jurilj is a female.
Irena Jurilj and Jagoda Draženović are friends.
Irena Jurilj and Ivo Čelina are friends.
Irena Jurilj and Nada Sudar are friends.

Stela Mišković is 54 years old.
Stela Mišković is a female.
Stela Mišković and Lea Grubić are friends.
Stela Mišković and Gordan Lucić are friends.

