Saša Škrtić is 65 years old.
Saša Škrtić is a male.
Saša Škrtić and Nada Sudar are friends.
Saša Škrtić and Zoran Goreta are friends.

Duje Ravlić is 38 years old.
Duje Ravlić is a male.
Duje Ravlić and Antonija Salinović are friends.

Eduard Tutić is 64 years old.
Eduard Tutić is a male.
Eduard Tutić and Zoran Goreta are friends.
Eduard Tutić and Mia Popić are friends.
Eduard Tutić and Nada Sudar are friends.
Eduard Tutić and Monika Rimac are friends.
Eduard Tutić and Antonija Salinović are friends.
Eduard Tutić and Mirjam Devčić are friends.

Zoran Goreta is 12 years old.
Zoran Goreta is a male.
Zoran Goreta and Eduard Tutić are friends.
Zoran Goreta and Mia Popić are friends.
Zoran Goreta and Monika Rimac are friends.
Zoran Goreta and Saša Škrtić are friends.

Ivo Čelina is 27 years old.
Ivo Čelina is a male.

Gordan Lucić is 28 years old.
Gordan Lucić is a male.
Gordan Lucić and Nada Sudar are friends.
Gordan Lucić and Jagoda Draženović are friends.
Gordan Lucić and Ljubomir Jurišić are friends.

Ljubomir Jurišić is 38 years old.
Ljubomir Jurišić is a male.
Ljubomir Jurišić and Antonija Salinović are friends.
Ljubomir Jurišić and Jagoda Draženović are friends.
Ljubomir Jurišić and Gordan Lucić are friends.

Jagoda Draženović is 61 years old.
Jagoda Draženović is a female.
Jagoda Draženović and Ljubomir Jurišić are friends.
Jagoda Draženović and Mia Popić are friends.
Jagoda Draženović and Nada Sudar are friends.
Jagoda Draženović and Gordan Lucić are friends.

Monika Rimac is 16 years old.
Monika Rimac is a female.
Monika Rimac and Zoran Goreta are friends.
Monika Rimac and Eduard Tutić are friends.

Mia Popić is 22 years old.
Mia Popić is a female.
Mia Popić and Antonija Salinović are friends.
Mia Popić and Mirjam Devčić are friends.
Mia Popić and Zoran Goreta are friends.
Mia Popić and Jagoda Draženović are friends.
Mia Popić and Eduard Tutić are friends.
Mia Popić and Lea Grubić are friends.

Nada Sudar is 25 years old.
Nada Sudar is a female.
Nada Sudar and Jagoda Draženović are friends.
Nada Sudar and Gordan Lucić are friends.
Nada Sudar and Eduard Tutić are friends.
Nada Sudar and Saša Škrtić are friends.
Nada Sudar and Lea Grubić are friends.
Nada Sudar and Mirjam Devčić are friends.
Nada Sudar and Antonija Salinović are friends.

Mirjam Devčić is 69 years old.
Mirjam Devčić is a female.
Mirjam Devčić and Mia Popić are friends.
Mirjam Devčić and Lea Grubić are friends.
Mirjam Devčić and Nada Sudar are friends.
Mirjam Devčić and Eduard Tutić are friends.

Lea Grubić is 51 years old.
Lea Grubić is a female.
Lea Grubić and Mirjam Devčić are friends.
Lea Grubić and Mia Popić are friends.
Lea Grubić and Nada Sudar are friends.

Antonija Salinović is 21 years old.
Antonija Salinović is a female.
Antonija Salinović and Ljubomir Jurišić are friends.
Antonija Salinović and Mia Popić are friends.
Antonija Salinović and Duje Ravlić are friends.
Antonija Salinović and Eduard Tutić are friends.
Antonija Salinović and Nada Sudar are friends.

